the historical community of drivers
austria already organized on 16
December 2012 a four-hour
classic ice marathon, however
weather had to be canceled
on the 20th of january this challenge took place
continuation
a fixed date in the race calendar
always a week before christmas therefore
by the warm and rainy weather
in december last year the best
The race was allowed to melt away
aborted prematurely
the race was won by markus ludwig
and michael street
yes very interesting for more
monument yes tie with fantasy
purity derrick if this is im
Although lungau wrestling may represent
So it's exciting light from the outside
consider it as slow driving where
security is given but if you are on
the track is left and right as
Soie is overtaken by the
weather conditions today at the
border does not believe that this is quite complete
have done the right thing have looked
that their security in the
bookstore and once the
burglarize
So hat off above all the before
especially his compliment is a great
power well if you are normal
is road traffic traveling one says
other stars but we saw without
expectation came
looked homo together and then stop
should come through
rappaz thanks to hobby athletes like the
most of them make fun and jux
and madness
Munich
perhaps
and so it was in the twentieth year of 2013
the continuation of this well
unique race hot drifts and
tough but fair position fights on
bare ice was inevitable
so we usually host in
summer the histo cup with also big ones
race weekend in europe with about
300 participants and we have something
Looking for winter was in winter
post in Austria unfortunately always right
long and we will see come so
Arrives training to practice like that
have snow and then work
someday it said really cool
Mom right long-distance race
organize, we have 2011 as the
first time made around us
for the third time an ice race four
hours for teams for a maximum of 30 teams
with a maximum of four people on a car
and they have to go to the box three times
driving and so know the ice surface
is a mega smooth sales imagine
to go is extremely dangerous
a car with pain is very short
makes previously still there right
at half past time of the race after about two
hours ago, the team taxi was on
a 500 euro mercedes 190
1983 already significantly depreciated many
safety-car-phases let the field through
keep opening up
we have limited it to 30 cars and
that fits well we have 30 cars on
start more walk without his faith
105 in front of the three actively participate
nevertheless he has that at the end of the race
ding taxi gives drivers schmid hans
berger has and passenger
anne-kathrin hollin the nose in front and
won before the teams and school occurs
in front of the porsche 944 and nabu racing up
bmw 325 especially fifth or sixth
started and then gradually until
caught up and always dosed harmful
forecast is explained by the fact drove me
did not even do it for me
gradually caught up and looked that
to get through with the right tactics
until the end weishaupt sophie auto
Head this is a mercedes 190 bauer
83 that was my first car with one
driver's license and still that
password and Thomas Mann worried that
ibm 500 euro so I would have come
with it catched one and singing
driving and having fun has been great
works great fits super strategy
No funding application makes that is that
decisive for us and already
before that annoying that jobs continue to place
hard- won season
we were faith in state 14 and then
It is actually nice and clean before
always slide as little as possible
but now the 944 he is not
bad car on slippery roadway
with the trans axle drive the porsche
944 has the advantage with this
called transaction that means motor
is ahead and gear and differential
So back is a good one
drive or weight distribution means
and on slippery roads this
attraction at the driven
Rear axle no errors
and how to learn from the driver's camp
was
all are already hot on the new edition
in the coming winter